(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] And here is my solution
to this challenge exercise.
So what I did in source main Java
in my controller package underneath the root
I created a new element called StaffRestController
and it works very much the same way
that my RoomRestController worked.
So I responded /api/staff
and that's probably not the best
from a true rest perspective
but for the purposes here, it'll work fine.
I get a staff service element that I inject
as part of my constructor
and spring does that automatically without an auto wiring
because that's my only constructor on this class.
And this is a component by nature of being a controller.
I didn't execute a get mapping
on a method that returns a list
of staff member elements from that service.
So let's go ahead
and run this application, and I'll jump back into terminal.
I'm going to do an HTTP once again against 8080/api/staff.
And there is my elements.
And just to show you
that it doesn't break room, there those that are.
So even though online 12, you have api/staff.
And if we go to the RoomRestController also in line 12
we have api/rooms.
They don't collide because there's more to it.
And as a matter of fact, you could have multiple elements
with the same request mapping
as long as the methods below have defined routes.
And in this case, since it's my only route
I don't need to put one
on the get mapping, but indeed I could.
And if you take a look at the way spring does this
it's actually straightforward across the board
for both web service and web application.
It all follows that same pattern.